# Uber for Supers 

We would like you to create "Uber for Supers", a React app to help people request super heroes! You can work in either JavaScript or Typescript. 

Typescript Repl: https://repl.it/@lpassamano/TS-React-Super-Hero-App 
JavaScript Repl: https://repl.it/@lpassamano/JS-React-Super-Hero-App  

To get started, fork the Repl environment. You can work within Repl.it or download the source code to work locally, but we ask that your final submission is via Repl.it. 

### Goals:

A user should be able to: 

- Enter their contact information 
- See the hero squad information
- See a list of heroes to choose from that is a combination of heroes from the API and a list generated by you 
- Select a quantity of each hero from 0 to 10 
- Search for heroes in the request form by power 
- Toggle form sections open and closed to edit them 
- View a separate request summary page that includes the data input by the user into the form
- See the total number of heros and unique powers requested on the summary page

## API 

Use the heroes endpoint at  https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/javascript/oojs/json/superheroes.json. 

## Requirements

### HeroService 

The `heroService` file should contain all of the logic for fetching data from the API.   

Create a list of four additional heroes (with their own name, age, secret identity, powers, etc. to match the structure of the other heroes) and create a function to merge your list of super heroes with the one from the API. The merged list will be used to populate the Hero Form.

### Form 

Create a two part form where only one section can be expanded at a time. This means that when a user expands one section of the form, the other section should collapse and vice versa. Both form sections should have a button to expand the section to allow the user to edit. 

#### First Section -- Customer Form

The "Customer Form" should have the following fields and validations: 

- Name (must be present) 
- Phone Number (must be at least 7 digits) 
- Email Address (must be present and must have proper email format, eg: example@example.com) 
- Zip Code (must be 5 digits) 

When the user clicks the "Continue" button in this form section, the fields should be validated. If there are any errors a helpful message should be displayed to the user. If all fields present and valid, the first section should collapse and the second section should expand.  

#### Second Section -- Hero Form

The "Hero Form" gives hero squad details and allows the user to select super heroes. Use the `HeroService` class to get the data to populate this section. 

Display the squad information with the following format "<attributeName>: <attribute>", eg: "Hometown: Metro City", and include the following information: 

- Squad name
- Hometown
- Year founded
- Secret base location

Below this information iterate through the list of heroes (from the merged list) to create a table with the information for each hero. Each row should contain the following information from the merged list for the hero: 

- Name/Secret Identity, eg: "Molecule Man/Dan Jukes" 
- Powers, e.g.: "Radiation resistance, Turning tiny, and Radiation blast" 

The table should have a third column where the user can select the quantity of each hero they would like to request from 0-10. There should be buttons to increment and decrement the value, and the user should also be able to manually input a value. There should be validation on the quantity inputs that allows users to only enter numbers from 0-10.   

Add a "Search by Power" field to this section. Typing in a power should filter the hero list to display only heroes who have a power that matches what was entered. Clearing the field should reset the list to display all heroes. You can do an exact match search or a keyword search.

The "Request Heroes" button at the bottom of the page will navigate to the request summary page, the button should only be active if the user has selected one or more heroes.

### Request Summary Page 

This is a new page that will display the information input by the user in the form. There should be a summary of the customer information from the "Customer Form" and a summary of all of the heroes and quantities selected, including heroes with a quantity of 0. 

At the bottom of this page, there should be a total of the number of heroes selected and the number of unique powers. For example, if a user selects 2 "Molecule Man" heroes, the total of heroes would be 2, and the total of powers would be 3.

### Styling and UI 

You can style this app however you like! Feel free to change the names of the pages, form sections, button text, etc. or the order of the elements on a page. Just make sure that the user can accomplish the goals laid out at the top of the README.

Here are examples of similar UI componenets from the Barnes site: 

- Form sections: https://members.barnesfoundation.org/vip 
- Customer Form: https://tickets.barnesfoundation.org/checkout/316/process?date=2019-11-08T00:00:00-0500  
- Hero Form: https://tickets.barnesfoundation.org/orders/316/tickets?eventId=58b3063fc1a3ef5f7909c839&date=2021-02-08T15:15:00-05:00&cart=true  

## Running on Repl.it

Simply hit run once and start coding. Will hot reload the web view. 

You can open a new shell window by hitting command+shift+S on macOS or control+shift+S (you can also access shortcuts from the `?` in the bottom right corner).

## Running Locally

1. Install dependencies: `yarn install`
2. Start development server `yarn start`. This will hot reload the webview when changes to the code are made. 

## Running Scripts

You can run any of the following scripts in the Repl.it or local environments:

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
